1. Shirer, W. R., Ryali, S., Rykhlevskaia, E., Menon, V., & Greicius, M. D. (2012). Decoding subject-driven cognitive states with whole-brain connectivity patterns. *Cerebral Cortex*, 22(1), 158–165. [`DOI`](https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhr099) *Describes successful decoding of cognitive tasks using the pattern of correlation between 90 functional regions of interest across the brain.*

2. Turk-Browne, N. B. (2013). Functional interactions as big data in the human brain. *Science*, 342(6158), 580–584. [`DOI`](https://doi.org/10.1126/science.1238409) *Describes how complex biological systems, including neural processes, can be understood through the interactions of their component variables, such as the full correlation matrix in fMRI data.*

3. Wang, Y., Anderson, M. J., Cohen, J. D., Heinecke, A., Li, K., Satish, N., Sundaram, N., Turk-Browne, N. B., & Willke, T. L. (2015). Full correlation matrix analysis of fMRI data on Intel® Xeon Phi™ coprocessors. SC ’15: *Proceedings of the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis*, 1–12. [`DOI`](https://doi.org/10.1145/2807591.2807631) *Describes optimizations made for Intel Xeon Phi Coprocessors to greatly enhance FCMA performance in cluster-based computing environments.*

4. Wang, Y., Cohen, J. D., Li, K., & Turk-Browne, N. B. (2015). Full correlation matrix analysis (FCMA): An unbiased method for task-related functional connectivity. *Journal of Neuroscience Methods*, 251, 108–119. [`DOI`](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jneumeth.2015.05.012) *Describes how FCMA can be used to discover regions that are involved in cognitive tasks by way of their functional connectivity.*
