1. Brouwer, G.J., and Heeger, D.J. (2009). Decoding and reconstructing color from responses in human visual cortex. *J. Neurosci.* 29, 13992–14003. *Early work that uses an inverted encoding model to reconstruct color in a continuous space, demonstrating how color is represented across a hierarchy of visual regions.*
2. Naselaris, T., Kay, K. N., Nishimoto, S., & Gallant, J. L. (2011). Encoding and decoding in fMRI. *NeuroImage* 56(2), 400–410. *A review distinguishing between the different uses of encoding and decoding approaches for fMRI.*
2. Serences, J.T., and Saproo, S. (2012). Computational advances towards linking BOLD and behavior. *Neuropsychologia* 50, 435–446. *In addition to distinguishing between encoding and decoding approaches, emphasizes how these approaches can test linking hypotheses between fMRI and behavior.*
3. Sprague, T.C., Adam, K.C.S., Foster, J.J., Rahmati, M., Sutterer, D.W., and Vo, V.A. (2018). Inverted encoding models assay population-level stimulus representations, not single-unit neural tuning. *eNeuro* 5, 1–5. *Argues that inverted encoding models are most useful when using population-level stimulus representations across experimental manipulations to pointedly test psychological theories.*
4. Sprague, T.C., Boynton, G.M., and Serences, J.T. (2019). The importance of considering model choices when interpreting results in computational neuroimaging. *eNeuro* 6, 1–11. *Puts the encoding model approach in the broader scope of computational models and acknowledges some important limitations.*
